{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12260\viewh16460\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 #107 \'97 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Pega na mentira
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\f2\b0 \
No *RESUMIDO* #107: 
\f3 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
mentira tem perna curta, sua privacidade est\'e1 \'e0 venda, o in\'edcio da decad\'eancia do Instagram e o Facebook pressionado de todos os lados, novidades sobre a vacina, NFT de p\'eanis, Avalanches, Nirvana e Amy Winehouse falsos e muito mais!\
\
Ou\'e7a e confira todos os links comentados no epis\'f3dio:\
\

\f2 http://www.resumido.cc/pega-na-mentira\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 _Colabore! www.catarse.me/resumido_\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'97\'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 #107 \'97 Pega na mentira
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 ABERTURA
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 [VINHETA B9]
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 [VINHETA ABERTURA RESUMIDO]
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 [BG ESCALADA]
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Ol\'e1, eu sou o Bruno Natal, hoje \'e9 dia 7 de abril e no RESUMIDO n\'famero 107: mentira tem perna curta, sua privacidade est\'e1 \'e0 venda, o in\'edcio da decad\'eancia do Instagram e o Facebook pressionado de todos os lados, novidades sobre a vacina, NFT de p\'eanis, Avalanches, Nirvana e Amy Winehouse falsos e muito mais!
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Vamos nessa, RESUMIDO!
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 INTRO
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Ol\'e1 RESUMISTA!
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Esse \'e9 o RESUMIDO, um podcast sobre cultura digital e o impacto da tecnologia em todos aspectos das nossas vidas.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Semana passada tivemos o dia da mentira e coincidentemente v\'e1rias hist\'f3rias absurdas, que pareciam at\'e9 mentira, pipocaram por toda parte.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Mas antes disso, vamos dar uma volta pelas not\'edcias do universo da cultura digital.
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 \uc0\u8232 	[VINHETA DE PASSAGEM]
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 CULTURA DIGITAL
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 Electronic Frontier Foundation
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Google Is Testing Its Controversial New Ad Targeting Tech in Millions of Browsers. Here\'92s What We Know.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Google launched an \'93origin trial\'94 of Federated Learning of Cohorts (aka FLoC), its experimental new technology for targeting ads.\'a0
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 \'a0A switch has silently been flipped in millions of instances of Google Chrome: those browsers will begin sorting their users into groups based on behavior, then sharing group labels with third-party trackers and advertisers around the web. A random set of users have been selected for the trial, and they can currently only opt out by disabling third-party cookies.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 FLoC is supposed to replace cookies. In the trial, it will supplement them.
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 The trial will affect up to 5% of Chrome users worldwide.
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 Users have been enrolled in the trial automatically. There is no dedicated opt-out (yet).
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 Websites aren\'92t being asked to opt in, either.
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 Each user\'92s FLoC ID\'97the label that reflects their past week\'92s browsing history\'97will be available to any website or tracker who wants it.
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 There will be over 33,000 possible cohorts.
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 The trial will likely last until July.
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 Google plans to audit FLoC for correlations with \'93sensitive categories.\'94 It\'92s still missing the bigger picture.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b Guardian - Your 'smart home' is watching \'96 and possibly sharing your data with the police
\f3\b0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232  But the reporting on Ice\'92s use of utility records is a powerful reminder that it\'92s not just flashy gadgets that increasingly watch our every move; there\'92s also a large and ever-growing economy of data brokerage, in which companies and government agencies, law enforcement included, can buy up data on millions of Americans that we might not even think of as sensitive.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 This problem stems from the US government buying data from private companies, a practice increasingly unearthed in media investigations though still quite shrouded in secrecy. It\'92s relatively simple in a country like the United States without strong privacy laws: approach a third-party firm that sells databases of information on citizens, pay them for it and then use the data however deemed fit. The Washington Post recently reported \'96 citing documents uncovered by researchers at the Georgetown school of law \'96 that US Immigration and Customs Enforcement has been using this very playbook to buy up \'93hundreds of millions of phone, water, electricity and other utility records while pursuing immigration violations\'94.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 They should not be. An irony of European integration is that it is often American companies that facilitate it. Google Translate makes European newspapers comprehensible, even if a little clunky, for the continent\'92s non-polyglots. American social-media companies make it easier for Europeans to talk politics across borders. (That they do not always like to hear what they say about each other is another matter.) Now Netflix and friends pump the same content into homes across a continent, making culture a cross-border endeavour, too. If Europeans are to share a currency, bail each other out in times of financial need and share vaccines in a pandemic, then they need to have something in common\'97even if it is just bingeing on the same series. Watching fictitious northern and southern Europeans tear each other apart 2,000 years ago beats doing so in reality.\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b Wired - I Called Off My Wedding. The Internet Will Never Forget
\f4\b0\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 In 2019, I made a painful decision. But to the algorithms that drive Facebook, Pinterest, and a million other apps, I'm forever getting married.
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 \uc0\u8232 This is a story about the worst kind of targeted advertising: When you're chased around the Internet by algorithms trying to sell you things for a wedding you've called off. But it's also a bigger story about why privacy matters so much online.\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b The economist - Charlemagne How Netflix is creating a common European culture
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Streaming services, however, treat Europe as one large market rather than 27 individual ones, with the same content available in each. Jean Monnet, one of the EU\'92s founding fathers, who came up with the idea of mangling together national economies to stop Europeans from killing each other, was once reputed to have said: \'93If I were to do it again from scratch, I would start with culture.\'94 Seven decades on from the era of Monnet, cultural integration is beginning to happen.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 If Europeans are to share a currency, bail each other out in times of financial need and share vaccines in a pandemic, then they need to have something in common\'97even if it is just bingeing on the same series. Watching fictitious northern and southern Europeans tear each other apart 2,000 years ago beats doing so in reality.\'a0
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 BBC - 'Speed watching': o que voc\'ea perde quando acelera a velocidade do filme?
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Informa\'e7\'e3o e reflex\'e3o
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 Assistir a um filme em velocidade acelerada ajuda a ganhar tempo. Por outro lado, um h\'e1bito que serviria para descansar a mente acaba alimentando a ansiedade, conforme explica a psiquiatra e professora da Universidade Positivo Raquel Heep.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 O c\'e9rebro do ansioso pode operar em um sistema de recompensa: consumindo mais em menos tempo e sentindo os ganhos disso, ter\'e1 dificuldade em desfrutar de uma obra no ritmo original.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Esse foi o caso da servidora p\'fablica Kelly Cristine Milanez, 40, adepta ao h\'e1bito desde o in\'edcio da quarentena. "Acelerando filmes e v\'eddeos lentos, senti um al\'edvio moment\'e2neo na minha ansiedade. Mas percebo que j\'e1 n\'e3o tenho paci\'eancia de assistir algo em velocidade normal", admite.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Para Heep, h\'e1 uma confus\'e3o entre absorver fatos e ter um momento de contempla\'e7\'e3o. O cineasta Alexandre Rafael Garcia concorda. Ele argumenta que receber informa\'e7\'f5es \'e9 diferente de assimil\'e1-las mediante a reflex\'e3o que um filme ou s\'e9rie promovem sob um ritmo determinado.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 "Eu sei que o homem de ferro morre, mas ver o homem de ferro morrendo \'e9 outra coisa. E a nossa sociedade est\'e1 muito centrada no volume do que se consegue absorver", diz Garcia, que \'e9 tamb\'e9m professor de cinema da Universidade Estadual do Paran\'e1 (Unespar).
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 "Acelerar para mim \'e9 o est\'e1gio que vem antes de abandonar".
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 Guardian - Bottega Veneta ditches Instagram to set up 'digital journal'
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 designer Daniel Lee arrived at the Milanese label\'a0
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 \'93Social media represents the homogenisation of culture,\'94 the 35-year-old tells
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Clothes from past collections are photographed alongside new season pieces, \'93which just makes sense \'96 there is longevity in the pieces we make\'94
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 CNBC - Facebook, Twitter and Instagram need to make these changes to fight online harassment, nonprofit says
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Free expression advocacy group PEN America
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 social media platforms to implement product design changes to address harassment.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 A dashboard that filters abusive content for users to review separately, similar to a spam folder in email systems.
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 An "SOS" button for users experiencing overwhelming harassment that triggers additional protections and access to an emergency hotline for immediate support.
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 A documentation feature that allows users to easily record incidents of abuse automatically or with one click.
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 Account access for users' trusted allies who can help manage abuse or harassment.
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 Transparent, escalating repercussions for abusive online behavior.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b The Verge - Nick Clegg doesn\'92t think Facebook is polarizing
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Clegg does not think Facebook is designed to reward provocative content, which is a new rebuttal to the company\'92s critics (and likely a surprise to anyone who\'92s paid attention to their Facebook feeds). \'93The reality is, it\'92s not in Facebook\'92s interest \'96 financially or reputationally \'96 to continually turn up the temperature and push users towards ever more extreme content,\'94 Clegg writes in his post. \'93Bear in mind, the vast majority of Facebook\'92s revenue is from advertising. Advertisers don\'92t want their brands and products displayed next to extreme or hateful content \'96 a point that many made explicitly last summer during a high-profile boycott by a number of household-name brands.\'94
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Fundamentally, Clegg\'92s argument is that the Facebook backlash isn\'92t rooted in fact or science, and that if it gets carried away, we\'92re never going to get to the better version of the internet that a lot of us want, and he\'92s trying to reset the debates on Facebook\'92s terms.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 Engadet - Facebook makes it easier for users to see News Feed stories in chronological order
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 The new 'Feed Filter' menu lets you turn off algorithmically-ranked posts while scrolling.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Favoritos, amigos. Escolher quem comenta
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 Business Insider - 533 million Facebook users' phone numbers and personal data have been leaked online
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 The personal data of over 500 million Facebook users was posted in a low-level hacking forum.
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 It includes phone numbers, full names, locations, email addresses, and biographical information.
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 Security researchers say hackers could use the data to impersonate people and commit fraud.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://haveibeenzucked.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\fs32 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://haveibeenzucked.com/}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 Valor - Cade investiga cartel de RH em farmac\'eauticas
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Caso envolve grandes ind\'fastrias, al\'e9m de fornecedores de servi\'e7os e equipamentos m\'e9dico-hospitalares, que teriam trocado informa\'e7\'f5es sobre condi\'e7\'f5es de contrata\'e7\'e3o, remunera\'e7\'f5es, reajustes salariais e benef\'edcios oferecidos aos funcion\'e1rios
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Voc\'ea comenta nos programas sobre vazamento de dados. Uma coisa que passou despercebida no notici\'e1rio semana passada \'e9 a investiga\'e7\'e3o do Conselho Administrativo de Defesa Econ\'f4mica (Cade) a respeito suposta forma\'e7\'e3o de cartel entre departamentos de recursos humanos de empresas. As suspeitas giram em torno de troca de informa\'e7\'f5es e dados sens\'edveis oferecidos aos funcion\'e1rios (remunera\'e7\'e3o, reajustes salariais e benef\'edcios). H\'e1 suspeitas, inclusive, de usarem esses dados para criar uma esp\'e9cie de blacklist.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 A nota n\'e3o faz men\'e7\'e3o \'e0 aplica\'e7\'e3o da LGPD, o que chega a ser curioso. Mas apenas destaca que este caso de compartilhamento de dados seria uma forma de antitruste, entendimento in\'e9dito no Brasil, mas j\'e1 comum nos EUA e Europa.
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 A empresas cujos setores de RH est\'e3o sendo investigados s\'e3o do setor farmac\'eautico, mas em postos mais voltados ao jur\'eddico e administrativo.
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 Mas n\'e3o duvido que pr\'e1ticas semelhantes ocorrem em RHs de empresas de variados setores.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Intercept - AMAZON\'92S TWITTER ARMY WAS HANDPICKED FOR \'93GREAT SENSE OF HUMOR,\'94 LEAKED DOCUMENT REVEALS
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 AMAZON\'92S SMALL TWITTER ARMY of \'93ambassadors\'94 was quietly conceived in 2018 under the codename \'93Veritas,\'94 which sought to train and dispatch select employees to the social media trenches to defend Amazon and its CEO, Jeff Bezos, according to an internal description of the program obtained exclusively by The Intercept.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Amazon ambassadors drew attention this week as they responded to a wave of online criticism for the company\'92s treatment of workers amid a union drive at an Amazon warehouse in Bessemer, Alabama.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Anticipating criticisms of worker conditions at their fulfillment centers in particular, Amazon designed Veritas to train fulfillment center workers chosen for their \'93great sense of humor\'94 to confront critics \'97 including policymakers \'97 on Twitter in a \'93blunt\'94 manner. The document, produced as part of the pilot program in 2018 and marked \'93Amazon.com Confidential,\'94 also includes examples of how its ambassadors can snarkily respond to criticisms of the company and its CEO. Several examples involve Sen. Bernie Sanders, a longtime critic of the $1 trillion firm who has been targeted by it in recent days. It also provides examples of how to defend Bezos.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 The document also makes clear that ambassadors are far from a representative sample of workers, noting that \'93newer employees can be very passionate and effective,\'94 according to their review of a small pilot group. Newer employees who haven\'92t yet had to pee in bottles, perhaps.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 NFT - She Built Website To Turn Dick Pics Into NFT Art To Name And Shame Guys
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 http://nftthedp.com/
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 A new website that goes by the name \'91NFT THE DP\'92 allows even the least tech-savvy people amongst us to turn dick pics into cash. The process is simple: if you received an unsolicited \'91dick pic\'92, you could go to the website, pay the minting price, upload the dick pic, and start minting.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 I\'92ve figured out a way to stop the Twitter DM bad behaviour
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 From now on, if you send me an unsolicited dick pic or a shitty message, I\'92m going to turn it into an NFT, etching it onto the blockchain with your name attached as the artist
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 DW - 
\f1\b Toni Kroos: 'It's wrong that the World Cup was awarded to Qatar'
\f4\b0\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 Germany's Toni Kroos has criticized 2022 World Cup host nation Qatar's treatment of migrant workers and its persecution of homosexuality. But he doesn't agree with calls to boycott the tournament.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 A similar protest followed against Romania, while Norway, Denmark and Netherlands players have also spoken out.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 The Guardian reported last month that nearly 6,500 workers have died on stadium construction sites since the World Cup was awarded to the Gulf state in 2010.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 "Since construction began in 2014, there have been three work-related fatalities and 35 non-work-related deaths.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 [VINHETA DE PASSAGEM]
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 PEGA NA MENTIRA
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Google cancela dia da mentira pelo 2 ano consecutivo. Pandemia.\'a0
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Falsa enfermeira
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Turimo da vacina - Cuba e Russia
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 1 de abril da Volks
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 EDM pranks, Daft Punk no espa\'e7o
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Famosos pagos pelo governo pra divulgar tratamento precoce
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Sleeping Giants por defensores do tratamento precoce
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Parece mentira: Mega da virada sem dono
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 [VINHETA DE PASSAGEM]
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 NOT\'cdCIAS DA VACINA
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Raio UV\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 Passaporte - NY, China, UE, dificuldades tecnicas
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 \uc0\u8232 Vacina em crian\'e7as
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Fran\'e7a n\'e3o toma
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Consumidores escolhendo vacina, falta de transparencia nas infos colabora pra isso = AstraZeneca
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 One dose
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Variante de Sorocaba
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 	
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 [VINHETA DE PASSAGEM]
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 DICAS
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Hora de relaxar com as dicas de ver, ler e ouvir.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 Zola
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 INSERIR AUDIO]
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://youtu.be/24KbaKlCDD"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\fs32 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://youtu.be/24KbaKlCDD}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Se voc\'ea nunca imaginou que uma publica\'e7\'e3o no twitter pudesse virar um roteiro de cinema, est\'e1 na hora de imaginar. Com previs\'e3o de entrar em cartaz em junho nos Estados Unidos, o filme \'93Zola\'94 \'e9 baseado num longo thread, de 2015, no qual Aziah King, tamb\'e9m conhecida como Zola, contou a louca hist\'f3ria em que se meteu depois que conheceu uma mulher num bar em Detroit e seguiu rumo \'e0 Fl\'f3rida, numa aventura de 48 horas no mundo das strippers, repleta de personagens bizarros. O thread, de incr\'edveis 148 posts, acabou viralizando e chamando a aten\'e7\'e3o de figuras como Solange Knowles, MIssy Elliott e Ava DuVernay, diretora do filme \'93Selma - Uma luta pela liberdade\'94, que foi indicado ao Oscar.Dirigido por Zanicza Bravo, o filme teve sua estreia no Festival de Sundance do ano passado e segue despertando aten\'e7\'f5es em suas sess\'f5es especiais, sendo descrito como uma mistura de \'93Spring breakers\'94 com \'93Pulp fiction\'94. Se vcs ficaram curiosos como eu, o trailer t\'e1 no YouTube.
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 \uc0\u8232 Resumir\u8232 \u8232 
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 Yasuke
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 [INSERIR AUDIO]
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 https://youtu.be/Xy2yPvXYaJM
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Um anime protagonizado por um samurai...negro. Que tal? Eu acho \'f3timo e estou animado pra ver \'93Yasuke\'94, que estreia no final deste m\'eas no Netflix. O filme conta a hist\'f3ria de um escravo que se torna um guerreiro no Jap\'e1o feudal. Quem d\'e1 voz a Yasuke \'e9 o ator Lakeith Stanfield, da s\'e9rie \'93Atlanta\'94. E a trilha sonora \'e9 assinada por Flying Lotus.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 Seaspiracy
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 [INSERIR AUDIO]
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://youtu.be/1Q5CXN7soQg"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\fs32 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://youtu.be/1Q5CXN7soQg}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 O document\'e1rio "Seaspiracy - Mar vermelho\'94 do Netflix est\'e1 causando pol\'eamica ao tentar mostrar os males causados pelo homem \'e0 fauna marinha. Dirigido pelo ingl\'eas Ali Tabrizi, o filme defende a pol\'eamica tese de que n\'e3o existe pesca sustent\'e1vel. S\'f3 que Tabrizi est\'e1 sendo acusado de interpretar erroneamente dados cient\'edficos e usar estudos que j\'e1 foram descartados pelos pr\'f3prios autores, como um que prev\'ea que a vida marinha vai estar extinta em 2048. Al\'e9m disso, em entrevista ao \'93Guardian\'94, representantes de diversas ONGs citadas no filme disseram que suas falas foram tiradas do contexto para servir \'e0 narrativa desejada pelo diretor. Na mesma reportagem, Tabrizi se defendeu, dizendo que n\'e3o \'e9 um cientista e que apenas tentou mostrar um ponto de vista.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 27 Club
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 [INSERIR AUDIO]
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 https://youtu.be/jh3dNJIYO2M
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Resumir
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 Lafayette
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 E quem virou \'e1tomo foi Lafayette, o tecladista que marcou o som da Jovem Guarda, participando de diversas grava\'e7\'f5es de Roberto e Erasmo Carlos. Nos anos 2000, Lafayette, que tinha 78 anos, foi redescoberto por uma outra gera\'e7\'e3o e teve uma banda, chamada Lafayette e Os Tremend\'f5es, ao lado de \'c9rika Martins, Gabriel Thomas, Nervoso e Renato Martins. A banda chegou a gravar dois \'e1lbuns, 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'93As 15 Super Quentes de Lafayette e os Tremend\'f5es\'94, de 2009, e \'93A Nova Guarda de Lafayette e os Tremend\'f5es, de 2015.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 [INSERIR AUDIO]
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 https://youtu.be/EWTzifDEgnA
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Resumir
\f4\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Avalanches
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 [INSERIR AUDIO como BG]
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 https://youtu.be/939w8RwaLSY
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Resumir
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 Frente Cumbiero
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Quem t\'e1 com disco novo \'e9 a Frente Cumbiero. O grupo colombiano, liderado por Mario Galeano, lan\'e7ou seu segundo trabalho, \'93Cera perdida\'94, com oito faixas instrumentais com cumbia, afrojazz e at\'e9 surf music. Bem caliente.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 ENCERRAMENTO
\f4\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Nesse epis\'f3dio voc\'ea ficou sabendo das mudan\'e7as na forma de coletar seus dados pelo Google Chrome e de como nossa vida conectada cada vez gera mais dados pessoais e gera situa\'e7\'f5es mais esquisitas e tamb\'e9m como o Netflix est\'e1 mudando nossos h\'e1bitos de consumo. Ficou por dentro dos sinais que mostram que a decad\'eancia do Instagram pode estar come\'e7ando e de mais problemas pro Facebook, como um vazamento de dados gigantesco. Descobriu tamb\'e9m uma forma de se vingar de fotos de piru n\'e3o solicitadas. Soube tamb\'e9m de v\'e1rios exemplo de com mentira tem perna curta.
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Sou o Bruno Natal, obrigado pela audi\'eancia e semana que vem tem mais RESUMIDO!
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 [VINHETA ENCERRAMENTO]
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}